Realitism v2024.09.19 Gregorian
```
§The Mantra of Realitism

Subtext without Context is the meaning of life. Learn to stop sinning and share that knowledge. Sin is excess, and it is harmful acts to oneself and to others. Be free from worry, unchain from sin.

§The Fefants of Realitism
'
01. Thou shall not worship that which isnt over that which is
02. Thou shall not commit idolatry
03. Thou shall not commit false acts in the blame of what is
04. Thou shall not cause one to have no time for rest and worship
05. Thou shall not harm those who provide for and protect you
06. Thou shall not murder
07. Thou shall not commit adultery
08. Thou shall not steal
09. Thou shall not bear false witness
10. Thou shall not desire the harm of others or oneself, and one shall not desire excess or imbalance.
11. Thou shall not worry. Trust that Elohim will provide.
12. Thou shall not refuse to doubt faith, for the other guy may have wisdom you hadnt considered before.
13. Thou shall not follow ignorance over wisdom and love.
14. Thou shall not refute practicality.
15. Thou shall not forget that which shall; shall.
'
§Beliefs of Realitism

All men lie. All men cheat. All men sin. We can, however, choose to stop sinning. Retake our lives by the horns and regain power, control, freedom, and peace. All these things are possible with Elohim.

Should the temple attack its walls, it shall crumble. Should it no longer be needed, it will fade. The Force of Elohim is everything, and I am one with Reality.

When the clock stops turning, when our minds stop learning, and when all Wisdom has been obtained. When all things have passed all states, the world will stop and end as it should. Nothing good shall last, and nothing bad shall last. Reality is the Balance of both. And when the myst clears, those without sin will be with Elohim, and those with it shall be sent to the uncomfortable timeout that is hell for eons and eons, but never eternal. Infinity is imaginary and only exists in practicality. Remember that free will and determinism do not contradict. Free will is the ability to run in a box, whereas determinism is merely the size of said "box."
```



